Restructure package and documentation to make it more user- and developer-friendly (#16)
JuliaGraphs/MetaGraphsNext.jl: docs/src/tutorial_basics.md

```jldoctest example
julia> code_for(colors, :red)
1

julia> code_for(colors, :blue)
3
```

You can retrieve the associated labels as follows:

```jldoctest example
julia> label_for(colors, 1)
:red

julia> label_for(colors, 3)
:blue
```

## Accessing metadata

You can access and change the metadata using indexing: zero arguments for graph metadata, one label for vertex metadata, and two labels for edge metadata.

```jldoctest example
julia> colors[]
"special"

julia> colors[:blue] = "very cool";

julia> colors[:blue]
"very cool"

julia> colors[:red, :yellow] = :orange;

julia> colors[:red, :yellow]
:orange
```

Checking the presence of a vertex or edge can be done with `haskey`:

```jldoctest example
julia> haskey(colors, :red)
true

julia> haskey(colors, :green)
false

julia> haskey(colors, :red, :yellow)
true

julia> haskey(colors, :yellow, :red) # undirected graph, so vertex order doesn't matter
true

julia> haskey(colors, :red, :green)
false
```

## Deleting vertices and edges

You can delete vertices and edges with `delete!`.

```jldoctest example
julia> delete!(colors, :red, :yellow);

julia> delete!(colors, :blue);
```

## Adding weights

> The most simple way to add edge weights is to speficy a default weight for all of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest way to add edge weights is to specify a default weight for all of them.
```
